Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#3117)
onnx/onnx: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you are using a GUI like the GitHub web site or GitHub Desktop, you'll need to append the `Signed-off-by: My Name <my_email@my_company.com>` manually to each commit message.

NOTE: the sign-off is needed for each commit in the PR, not at the PR level.

If you have old commits that are not signed, use the following commands to squash the old PR (original branch) into a single commit. This is an easier way to signoff old commits in old PR.
	
```bash
git checkout master
git checkout -b temporary_patch              # create a new branch as temporary
git merge --squash original_patch            # copy from old branch
git branch -d original_patch                 # remove old branch
git checkout -b original_patch               # create a new branch with the same name (override)

> git commit -m ‘type your own commit msg’ -s  # signoff that single commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git commit -m 'type your own commit msg' -s  # signoff that single commit
```

Reviewer: Wrong character

Author: updated
